[chore] Add links to releases for k8s migration guide breaking changes (#2196)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/non-normative/k8s-migration.md

# K8s semantic convention stability migration

> ![note](https://img.shields.io/badge/warning-yellow?style=flat) K8s Semantic Conventions stability is still Wip.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
![note](https://img.shields.io/badge/warning-yellow?style=flat) K8s Semantic Conventions stability is still work in progress.
```

> This guide collects the breaking changes along the way so as users can know beforehand for these upcoming
> changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide collects the breaking changes along the way so users can be informed in advance about upcoming changes.
```
just minor rephrasing

  - [K8s Job metrics](#k8s-job-metrics)
  - [K8s Cronjob metrics](#k8s-cronjob-metrics)
  - [K8s Namespace metrics](#k8s-namespace-metrics)
  - [K8s ResourceQuota resource](#k8s-resourcequota-resource)

>   - [K8s ReplicationController resource](#k8s-replication-controller-resource)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - [K8s ReplicationController resource](#k8s-replicationcontroller-resource)
```

  - [K8s Job metrics](#k8s-job-metrics)
  - [K8s Cronjob metrics](#k8s-cronjob-metrics)
  - [K8s Namespace metrics](#k8s-namespace-metrics)
  - [K8s ResourceQuota resource](#k8s-resourcequota-resource)

>   - [K8s Replication Controller resource](#k8s-replication-controller-resource)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [K8s ReplicationController resource](#k8s-replication-controller-resource)
```
for consistency

> The K8s StatefulsSet metrics implemented by the Collector and specifically the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The K8s StatefulSet metrics implemented by the Collector and specifically the
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### K8s ResourceQuota resource

The K8s ResourceQuota attributes implemented by the Collector and specifically the
[k8scluster](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/v0.115.0/receiver/k8sclusterreceiver/documentation.md)
receiver were introduced as semantic conventions in
[v1.31.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/v1.31.0/docs/system/k8s-metrics.md).

The changes are the following:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

| Old (Collector) ![changed](https://img.shields.io/badge/changed-orange?style=flat) | New                                                                                       |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `k8s.resource_quota.{name,uid}`                                     | `k8s.resourcequota.{name,uid}`  |

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> ### K8s Replication Controller resource

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### K8s ReplicationController resource
```

The K8s Replication Controller attributes implemented by the Collector and specifically the
[k8scluster](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/v0.115.0/receiver/k8sclusterreceiver/documentation.md)
receiver were introduced as semantic conventions in
[v1.31.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/v1.31.0/docs/system/k8s-metrics.md).

The changes are the following:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

| Old (Collector) ![changed](https://img.shields.io/badge/changed-orange?style=flat) | New                                                                                       |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `k8s.replication_controller.{name,uid}`                                     | `k8s.replication_controller.{name,uid}`  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `k8s.replication_controller.{name,uid}`                                     | `k8s.replicationcontroller.{name,uid}`  |
```
